---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to WinCoder !"
---

**WinCoder** is a blog dedicated to my daily journey in native C/C++ Windows programming. This blog isn't just about code snippets and tutorials; it's about sharing the challenges, successes, and everything in between that I encounter as a C/C++ developer.

In today's social media era, this *old-school blog* celebrates traditional learning and sharing, harking back to when blogs were the main platform for developers to connect and share insights.

## Native C/C++ Windows programming

Native C/C++ Windows programming has become increasingly challenging with the advent of modern Windows 10 and Windows 11, with frameworks like WinUI 3 and other winRT-based technologies. Navigating these sophisticated tools requires not only a deep understanding of traditional coding principles but also the ability to adapt to new paradigms. Through this blog, I aim to demystify these complexities and provide a clear path for fellow developers.

## Why WinCoder ?

Why WinCoder? Because every coder’s journey is unique and full of valuable lessons. By sharing my daily trials and insights, we can learn and grow as developers together.

I will share real-world examples, troubleshooting tips, and innovative solutions to common (and not-so-common) programming problems. Whether I’m debugging a tricky piece of code or celebrating a hard-fought victory over a complex algorithm, WinCoder is here to offer insights and support.

So, dive in, share your thoughts, and let’s navigate the fascinating world of native C/C++ programming on Windows !
